I will pay for him.
You hum
He owes me 80 million
Not 8,000 bucks
You and your father's life together
Not worth the price
80 million I thought how much
That's it, huh?
Just this money
Give him the POS machine
I rely on rural credit cooperatives
80 million here
Look at your father
For the sake of being a watchdog for my whole life
I have a word for you, the poor will be poor all their lives
OK
If you can't afford it
You're going to lick my shoes
Then if I can afford it
Wait a minute, will you lick my shoes?
Payment failure, you didn't receive it.
Or just pick it up
payment failure
Hahahaha payment failure
My own debt, I'll find a way
Forget what just happened
This security guard, go away
Don't go
Wait a minute your one is too old
Can you give me a new pit dad type?
Change it for you
But add one more
After you lick my shoes
Get under me again